So to implement this, we first of all need to get access to this backdrop,
right? Now it has an ID of backdrop, so it should be fairly easy to select
of course, we can add a constant here, maybe name it backdrop
and just one other note about the naming, you can always of course also name these things
something el or element to make it clear that you are pointing at an element in the DOM here.
I will really leave that up to you,
there is no best or common practice regarding that, you will find different styles,
you just should find and pick your style and then be consistent and not switch it too often, at least not
in one and the same project
and here to keep names shorter, I'll go with these names here
but as I mentioned if you preferred it, you could add el or element here to make it really clear that these
constants hold pointers at elements on the DOM or in the DOM.
So here you could name this backdrop element but since I don't use the element annotation on the other elements,
I'll just name it backdrop here as well
and with that, I went to select it and since it has an ID of backdrop, of course we can just say
document.getElementById backdrop,
that's the probably the best way of selecting it to be honest. An alternative, since it is the first
element in our body
and this also is unlikely to change to be honest because it is such a crucial background, not always
visible element which we probably won't add much above it,
we could of course alternatively also select it by saying backdrop is equal to document body first child,
a first element child because the first element child in our body of course is that backdrop.
So that would also work and it's also unlikely to change,
so the HTML structure is unlikely to change regarding this relation of this div to the body and
therefore this might actually always be valid but I'll go for the ID which won't break for sure
unless we change the ID on the element of course.
So with that, we got access to the backdrop and now as I mentioned, we could use it here and use class
list toggle visible here as well but I don't want to tie it to this function because later I will also
need the backdrop in other places.
So instead I'll add a new function here, toggle backdrop,
again I will use an arrow function here, also to be consistent,
you could create this in any way
and I will move that backdrop visible class toggling code into that toggle backdrop function and then
just call that function from inside toggle movie modal
and this allows us to then later also call that function from inside other places so that we haven't
strictly tied this backdrop visibility to toggle movie modal. Well and with that if we save that and
we go back, reload, click add movie,
now we have that background. Now it would be nice if we also could click this background or this cancel
button to then dismiss the modal and the background because right now, since this backdrop actually even
overlays the add movie button, we get absolutely no way of dismissing this and the expected behavior of
an application like that would be that
well of course the cancel button closes this but also that clicking on the backdrop closes this. Now as so often,
great practice for you but of course, we'll also do it together. So let's make sure we canclick the backdrop
and we can click this cancel button to basically call toggleMovieModal and toggle backdrop again,
well toggle backdrop will automatically be called when we call toggleMovieModal because inside of
toggle movie modal, we call toggle backdrop.
That's a lot of talking I guess.
So, how do we get access to the backdrop and to the button?
Well we actually already have access to the backdrop,
all we need to do there is we need to add a new listener to it so that we can react to clicks on the
backdrop.
So here we can add an event listener, a click listener
and now here important, I don't always want to call toggleMovieModal, so I don't want to tie this to
the backdrop because whilst here in the current app state, of course I want to execute this function
and close the modal. Later as I said, we'll also use the backdrop in other places and then I don't want
to toggle the movie modal but do something else when we click the backdrop.
So therefore, I will actually add a brand new function here which I'll name backdrop click handler and
this function will then actually do everything that should be done when the backdrop is clicked,
so here I will call toggleMovieModal and therefore connect this here so that at the moment, we still close
that
but we got more flexibility to also do other things when this is clicked. Now with this change already
of course if we reload, click here, click the backdrop, this closes, we can repeat this process as often as
we want.
So that's great,
now of course it would also be nice if we could click this cancel button to close this and
for that
let's have a look at the HTML code again.
It's this cancel button
I'm talking about, it doesn't have an ID and still we'll need a way of selecting it
and now here of course, you can be very creative.
Now you could think about getting access to the modal actions div here but we'll also have this in
another place later. SInce
this is the first occurrence of this, we could actually use it and select it with query selector and then
select the first element child which is this cancel button and here, this relation is also unlikely
to change,
so using a DOM traversal technique like first element child should work here or we could also try to
select it by selecting to add modal here and then select the first button which we find in there or a
button with these classes here, with the button passive class because this is the only button with the
button passive class in the add modal div here.
So that would be different ways of selecting it,
now you can certainly make arguments for the different approaches. Here,
I'll add a constant and name this cancel add movie button because it's the button that cancels this add
movie process
and now as I said, there are different ways of selecting this.
Now actually, we already have access to the add movie modal here, so we can use that and then run a query
on that.
So we don't have to do it on the entire document, since I'm searching for a button inside of that modal,
we can just use add movie modal and then run a query here with query selector and then here, I could
run a query for the first element that has the button passive,
so this class here because this is the first and only button in this add movie modal and it's the button
I'm interested here, with the class I mean, it's the first and only button with that class.
So now this gives us access to this cancel movie button here,  cancel add movie button and now we can add
it here, event listener click and now I want to execute a function of course when we click this, maybe
add it here, cancel add movie, you can of course pick any name you want here and when this gets triggered,
when this function gets executed, I want to call toggle movie modal because I want to close that
movie modal.
So here we can point at cancel add movie on our event listener
and with that done, if we save everything and we reload here and I click cancel, this also closes it.
So now we get different ways of interacting with that,
now I would say it's time to make sure that we can also click add here and then have a look at all
these input fields here, check what has been entered there, maybe even add a short check to see whether
something valid was entered or not,
so if it's empty you're not basically and then take that information and add a new movie as a Javascript
object here in our script at first but then later, also as an element which we add here on our screen.